Welcome to the Tutorial for RegionAttack!
Region Attack is a simple strategic game based on mathematical concepts like multiples, divisors, and prime numbers. 
Uncomfortable with math? Don`t be afraid. 
In the next few minutes you will see that it`s quite understandable.
You just saw the game board RegionAttack is played on. 
In the middle there is the actual game board. 
It is divided into two halves: Yours and that of your opponent. 
Both players start with 4 numbers in the hand. 
The game ends after 5 minutes.
There is also a timer that indicates how much time is left for your move. 
If you do not play a move within 15 seconds, you lose a move and your opponent can make their next move. 
You might be wondering what a move looks like.
There are two options on how to place your move. 
First, if you are not placing a number next to one you already played, you can place any prime number anywhere on your side of the board. 
Take the 3, which is a prime, and place it on the board.
Good! Now, the opponent will make a move.
Now it`s your turn again. 
You can extend your region by placing a number that it is either a divisor or a multiple for each of its neighbors. 
Grab your 12 and put it somewhere next to the 3.
Great! As you can see, your score increased from 1 to 2 because the your largest connected region consists of 2 tiles.
You now have learned about the two rules on how to place numbers.
You can enable helper mode to highlight fields where you can place your number.
The computer played another prime and started a new region. 
Its score remains as 1 because its largest region still consists of 1 tile.
You can place numbers into the half of your opponent only if it extends one of your Regions.
You cannot place primes into your opponent`s half to start a new region there.
You can also replace your own numbers by placing your number on a tile that already contains your number.
The only condition is that the new number must comply with the usual placement rules. 
For example, you could play your 9 over your 12 as 9 is still a multiple of 3.
The goal of the game is to have a larger Region than your opponent when the game is over. 
That`s it! You can now either continue this game or go back to home.